# Research Output
These files have been generated by the Appatella Research API, from data stored on individuals, in a Postgres database. 

The Appatella facility creates exercise plans, which comprise daily sessions of exercises to be completed according to a schedule. Prior and post each session is an optional survey, comprising sections and questions.

The Appatella facility uses a website to enable practicioners to deploy these exercise plans as courses, to individuals. A mobile app presents the exercises to a participant, and collects their survey answers and session compliance (how often they complete their exercises). The app and system are fully GDPR compliant:

Participants can use the app without any form of login. They do not share their share their survey and compliance data with the system by default. If they choose, sharing can be enabled in the following ways:

1. syncing (the data is flagged to for syncing between participants specified devices only, using the Appatella system as a storage point)
2. practitioner (the data is flagged so that their course practitioner - the person who deployed the course to them - can see it)
3. research (the data is flagged so that anyone with a 'research' login can see and export the data)

The Appatella Research API facilitates data access only by authorised research users, who may access only data which has been explicitly flagged for research by participants, using the Appatella mobile client.

The base function of the Appatella Research API is **exportCourses**. This allows the researcher to export research-flagged courses. By default, the function exports ALL shared courses. 
By default, the function also performs a search-and replace on the course ids, so that any previous external links between course data and individal data are broken.

The function exports a zip file, comprising:

1. this file
1. a schema.sql file
1. a set of table output files as .csv

The schema file allows a researcher to create a separate postgres database, in which to import the .csv files.
The .csv files comprise all data required to provide context to the exported courses data: plans, sessions, excercises, sureveys sections and questions.

A researcher can use either the Postgres database facility to import all .csv files as tables, or can deploy a local Appatella Research API server to do it.



